Technology affects people all over the world. Advances in technology have made our countries safer and our lives easier, they have also negatively affected our lives. Technology have 
brought us online banking, smart cars, smart TVs, lightning fast computers, and the virtual reality. Also there include cyber warfare, hackers, identity theft, cyber stalking, and a host 
of other bad things.
The society has been changed with the evolution of technology. Life was burdensome and everyday chores consumed too much of our time, before the advent of modern day technology. 
The access to education, medicine, industry, transportation etc. has been simplified due to development in modern day technology. Due to the convenience and efficiency provided by 
technology, our lives have improved. Information technology give a new face to traditional libraries that include both digital collections and traditional, fixed media collections. 
We know that traditional libraries are limited by its storage space, but the digital information requires little space to contain information, so digital libraries have the potential to
store more documents. The use of information technology in digital libraries that will increase the number of users and increased the expectations of the users.
Technology has also brought about efficiency and quality in the manufacturing sector. Technological advancement has reduced the risk. Development is closely related with technology and 
the stage of development the human being has arrived could have been possible without the advancement in technology.
Agriculture, industry, profession, health, education, art, political processes, recreation, religious activities and daily life activities all are under the influence of technology now. 
There are some modern technological developments that play a major role in making our daily life more effective. Television is also good servant, it’s considered as the cheapest source 
of information and entertainment nowadays. Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going whether forwards or backwards as well. It has enable Us to 
increase our comfort and to achieve efficiency in all sectors of life .We can’t achieve any progress or development, without technology. We can modernize our industry so life becomes 
easier for us and next generations through the developed technologies. 

